throw on the frog's mouth around them in
aquitaine big ol mama just smack the
rocks came out of nowhere Thank You
Sarge charging out from the deeper water
let's listen nice one she spawned out no
eggs nothing nice when I got a photo
finally Jake gets his first frog trip of
the week d someone is just nice to
connect
and thus tanks bade call buzz fog the
Reds and all herzen knife goes in that
tiny frog body pushes right out of ya
I'm leaving the hook pretty much exposed
ice fishing trying to kill it but I'm
just not good enough
Oh pretty vicious strike given its size
though right yeah thought that was a
pike or something a big one I haven't
been really let him have it with the
hooks hook well it looks like Jake is
finally getting the hang of a frog
fishing here today is a long journey
yeah here we are in Andrews Frog heaven
just threw through one of these frogs
landed it pretty much on top of the fish
had nailed it I could not hook up
brought it all the way back through it
out again and just landed it right on
his head again and you destroyed it yeah
it's been average size for this evening
lots of little fish lots of little guys
cookie cutters around this guy killed my
frog we did get one that hit 18 though
so we'll take that and then Jake got
another that one close to maybe 15 or 16
nice one too dammit
look at that
you